Welcome to your first statistics interview question the question is that you're about to get on a plane
to Seattle and you want to know if you should bring an umbrella.
You call three random friends of yours who live in Seattle and you ask each of them in the alley if
it's raining.
So going to Seattle you want to know if it's raining or not.
You call up three random friends that live there.
Ask him if it's raining or not.
Each of your friends however has a two thirds chance of telling you the truth.
And a one third chance of messing with you by lying all three of your friends tell you that yes it is
going to be raining there.
You also know that just in general there is a 25 percent chance it's raining on any given day in Seattle.
The question is based off your friends responses and what you know about their behavior as far as telling
the truth or lying.
What is the true probability that it's actually raining in Seattle based off the information.
No.
So again just to reiterate you know that on any given day there's a 25 percent chance training in Seattle.
When you called each year friends who are in the pen of each other they have a two thirds chance of
telling you the truth.
And a one third chance of messing up few by lying all three of them said that yes it's raining.
And remember these friends are in the pen of each other.
OK.
So now what is the probability that it's actually raining in Seattle.